---
layout: page
title: "Call for Papers—15th SIGMORPHON Workshop on Computational Research in Phonetics, Phonology, and Morphology"
breadcrumb: 2018 Call for Papers
---

SIGMORPHON encourages interaction between work in computational and theoretical linguistics. Approaches to phonetics, phonology, and morphology profit from the interaction. Our recent meetings have been successful in this regard, and this will continue in 2018. The workshop allows cross-pollination of tools and models between theoretical and computational linguists.

## Call for Papers

Co-located with EMNLP 2018
Brussels, Belgium
October 31, 2018
<https://sigmorphon.github.io/workshops/2018/>

The workshop will gather researchers who apply computation to morphology, phonology, and phonetics. Work that addresses orthographic issues is also welcome. Papers will present significant, original, and unpublished research, including strong work in progress. Appropriate topics include (but are not limited to) the following:

- New formalisms, computational treatments, or probabilistic models of existing linguistic formalisms
- Unsupervised, semi-supervised or machine learning of linguistic knowledge
- Models of psycholinguistic experiments
- Morpheme identification and word segmentation
- Algorithms, including finite-state methods
- Corpus linguistics
- Machine transliteration and back-transliteration
- Speech technologies relating to phonetics or phonology
- Speech science (both production and comprehension)
- Analysis or exploitation of multilingual, multi-dialectal, or diachronic data
- Instructional technologies for second-language learners
- Integration of morphology, phonology, or phonetics with other NLP tasks
- Tools and resources
- Approaches to orthographic variation
- Approaches to universal morphological reinflection

### Important Dates:

- **13 July 2018**: Paper submission deadline
- **18 August 2018**: Notification of acceptance
- **31 August 2018**: Camera-ready papers due
- **31 October 2018**: Workshop

## Paper Submission:

Online submission link: <https://www.softconf.com/emnlp2018/SIGMORPHON/>

**Content:** There are two categories of papers: Long and short papers. Long papers should be original, topical, and clear. Completed work is preferable to intended work. Either way, the paper must disclose the state of completion of the reported results. Short submissions can either cover research or describe important problems (new or old).

**Submission format:** The only accepted format for submitted papers is Adobe PDF. Submissions should be anonymous, without authors or an acknowledgement section; self-citations should appear in third person. Submissions should follow the two-column format of EMNLP proceedings, and long papers should not exceed eight (8) pages, short papers should not exceed four (4) pages. One additional page is allowed for the References section in both cases. However, all material other than the bibliography must fall within the first 8/4 pages! We strongly recommend the use of the LaTeX style files or Microsoft Word document template on the EMNLP conference web site. We reserve the right to reject submissions that do not conform to these styles, including font size restrictions.

### IMPORTANT: New submission guidelines

EMNLP 2018 adopts ACL's new policies for submission, review, and citation. Submissions that violate any of these policies will be rejected without review. Most importantly, the policies refer to the anonymity period, which begins one month before the SIGMORPHON 2018 deadline and ends at time of notification (or withdrawal).

## Organizers:

* Sandra Kübler, Indiana University
* Garrett Nicolai, Johns Hopkins University

Email address: <sigmorphon2018@googlegroups.com>

## Shared Task:

SIGMORPHON is co-hosting the CoNLL-SIGMORPHON 2018 Shared Task on Universal Morphological Reinflection: <https://sigmorphon.github.io/sharedtasks/2018/>

### Shared Task Organizers:

* Ryan Cotterell, Johns Hopkins University
* Mans Hulden, University of Colorado
