---
layout: page
title: "Call for Papers—17th SIGMORPHON Workshop on Computational Research in Phonetics, Phonology, and Morphology"
breadcrumb: 2020 Call for Papers
---

Co-located with ACL 2020
Seattle, WA, USA
July 9 or 10, 2020
<https://sigmorphon.github.io/workshops/2020/>

The workshop will gather researchers who apply computation to morphology, phonology, and phonetics. Work that addresses orthographic issues is also welcome. Papers will present significant, original, and unpublished research, including strong work in progress. Appropriate topics include (but are not limited to) the following:

- New formalisms, computational treatments, or probabilistic models of existing linguistic formalisms
- Unsupervised, semi-supervised, or machine learning of linguistic knowledge
- Analysis or exploitation of multilingual, multi-dialectal, or diachronic data
- Integration of morphology, phonology, or phonetics with other NLP tasks
- Algorithms for string analysis and manipulation, including finite-state methods
- Models of psycholinguistic experiments
- Approaches to orthographic variation
- Approaches to morphological reinflection
- Corpus linguistics
- Machine transliteration and back-transliteration
- Morpheme identification and word segmentation
- Speech technologies relating to phonetics or phonology
- Speech science (both production and comprehension)
- Instructional technologies for second-language learners
- Tools and resources
- Approaches to orthographic variation
- Approaches to universal morphological reinflection

SIGMORPHON encourages interaction between work in computational and theoretical linguistics. Approaches to phonetics, phonology, and morphology profit from the interaction. Our recent meetings have been successful in this regard, and this will continue in 2020. The workshop allows cross-pollination of tools and models between theoretical and computational linguists.

## Important Dates

1. **31 March, 2020:** Paper submission deadline
1. **4 May 2020:** Notification of acceptance
1. **18 May 2020:** Camera-ready papers due
1. **9 or 10 July 2020:** Workshop

## Paper submission

Online submission is available at: <https://www.softconf.com/acl2020/SIGMORPHON/>

### Content

There are two categories of papers: Long and short papers. Long papers should be original, topical, and clear. Completed work is preferable to intended work. Either way, the paper must disclose the state of completion of the reported results. Short submissions can either cover research or describe important problems (new or old).

### Submission format

The only accepted format for submitted papers is Adobe PDF. Submissions should be anonymous, without authors or an acknowledgement section; self-citations should appear in third person. Submissions should follow the two-column format of ACL proceedings, and long papers should not exceed eight (8) pages, short papers should not exceed four (4) pages. One additional page is allowed for the References section in both cases. However, all material other than the bibliography must fall within the first 8/4 pages! We strongly recommend the use of the LaTeX style files or Microsoft Word document template on the ACL conference web site. We reserve the right to reject submissions that do not conform to these styles, including font size restrictions.

### Anonymity period

ACL 2020 adopts ACL’s new policies for submission, review, and citation. Submissions that violate any of these policies will be rejected without review. Most importantly, the policies refer to the anonymity period, which begins one month before the SIGMORPHON 2020 deadline and ends at time of notification (or withdrawal).

## Invited Speakers

SIGMORPHON is pleased to welcome the following invited speakers to our 2020 workshop:

- Jane Chandlee, Haverford College
- Bruce Hayes, UCLA
- Rob Malouf, San Diego State University

## Organizers

- Garrett Nicolai, University of British Columbia
- Kyle Gorman, City University of New York / Google
- Ryan Cotterell, University of Cambridge

Email address: <sigmorphon@gmail.com>

## Shared Tasks

**Grapheme-to-Phoneme Conversion and Unsupervised Paradigm Induction**

SIGMORPHON will host two shared tasks, one on grapheme-to-phoneme conversion and one on unsupervised induction of morphological paradigms.

For more information, please visit <https://sigmorphon.github.io/sharedtasks/2020/>
